1.) REQUESTS

	Requests is a Python module that you can use to send all kinds of HTTP requests. It is an easy-to-use library with a lot of features ranging from passing parameters in URLs to sending custom headers and SSL Verification.
Requests allow you to send HTTP/1.1 requests. You can add headers, form data, multi-part files, and parameters with simple Python dictionaries, and access the response data in the same way.

Installing The Requests module
$ pip install requests
Or
$ easy_install requests

2.) SciPy
	
	SciPy contains varieties of sub packages which help to solve the most common issue related to Scientific Computation.
SciPy is the most used Scientific library only second to GNU Scientific Library for C/C++ or Matlab's.
Easy to use and understand as well as fast computational power.
It can operate on an array of NumPy library.

Python3 -m pip install --user numpy scipy 

3.) PYGAME

	The pygame library is an open-source module for the Python programming language specifically intended to help you make games and other multimedia applications. Built on top of the highly portable SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) development library, pygame can run across many platforms and operating systems.
By using the pygame module, you can control the logic and graphics of your games without worrying about the backend complexities required for working with video and audio.
INSTALLATION:-
pip install pygame

4.) Scapy
	
	 A packet sniffer and analyzer for python made in python.
Scapy is a powerful Python-based interactive packet manipulation program and library.
It is able to forge or decode packets of a wide number of protocols, send them on the wire, capture them, store or read them using pcap files, match requests and replies, and much more. It is designed to allow fast packet prototyping by using default values that work.
It can easily handle most classical tasks like scanning, tracerouting, probing, unit tests, attacks or network discovery

5.)  nltk

	NLTK is a powerful Python package that provides a set of diverse natural languages algorithms. It is free, opensource, easy to use, large community, and well documented. NLTK consists of the most common algorithms such as tokenizing, part-of-speech tagging, stemming, sentiment analysis, topic segmentation, and named entity recognition. NLTK helps the computer to analysis, preprocess, and understand the written text.

!pip install nltk

6.) NLP

	NLP enables the computer to interact with humans in a natural manner. It helps the computer to understand the human language and derive meaning from it. NLP is applicable in several problematic from speech recognition, language translation, classifying documents to information extraction. Analyzing movie review is one of the classic examples to demonstrate a simple NLP Bag-of-words model, on movie reviews.

7.)  SymPy

	 SymPy can do algebraic evaluation, differentiation, expansion, complex numbers, etc. It is contained in a pure Python distribution.
SymPy is a Python library for symbolic mathematics. It aims to become a full-featured computer algebra system (CAS) while keeping the code as simple as possible in order to be comprehensible and easily extensible. SymPy is written entirely in Python.
SymPy only depends on mpmath, a pure Python library for arbitrary floating point arithmetic, making it easy to use.

Installing sympy module:
 pip install sympy 

8.) Pillow

	 A friendly fork of PIL (Python Imaging Library). It is more user friendly than PIL and is a must have for anyone who works with images. Python Imaging Library (abbreviated as PIL) (in newer versions known as Pillow) is a free library for the Python programming language that adds support for opening, manipulating, and saving many different image file formats.

9.) nose

	 A testing framework for python. It is used by millions of python developers. It is a must have if you do test driven development.